docs: refactor get maas up and running (#209)
maas/maas: docs/how-to-guides/upgrading-maas.md

# Upgrading MAAS

This guide outlines the steps to upgrade MAAS to the latest version

## General steps

1. Backup your system and database.

> 2. Verify Ubuntu release (`lsb_release -a`). Upgrade to 22.04 Jammy or 24.04 Noble as required.

Reviewer: Maybe something more generic here?

```suggestion
2. Verify Ubuntu release (`lsb_release -a`) and upgrade to the newer one if required.
```

> 3. Verify PostgreSQL version (14 required, 16 recommended).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Verify PostgreSQL version compatibility and upgrade it if required.
```

4. Upgrade rack nodes first, then region nodes.

## Upgrade commands

- Snap

  ```bash
  sudo snap refresh maas --channel=<version>/stable
  ```

- Debian package (PPA)

  ```bash
  sudo apt-add-repository ppa:maas/<version>
  sudo apt update && sudo apt upgrade maas
  ```

## Version-specific notes

- MAAS 3.6: PostgreSQL 14+ supported; PostgreSQL 16 recommended.
- MAAS 3.5: Requires PostgreSQL 14.
- MAAS 3.3: PostgreSQL 12 deprecated. Upgrade to 14 before proceeding.
- MAAS 2.8 or earlier: Full backup required. Fresh install recommended if upgrade fails.

## Verification

After upgrade:

```bash
lsb_release -a   # Verify Ubuntu release

> maas --version   # Verify MAAS version

Reviewer: I think those two lines are redundant, as we only need to validate that MAAS works.

Author: I have just split out Bills older work here. I can remove these though, but I think this document needs a more thorough revision in a separate PR
